CLUSTER          KIND         NAMESPACE    NAME
dev-cluster-a    ConfigMap    simple-app   simple-app-env
dev-cluster-a    Deployment   simple-app   simple-app
dev-cluster-a    Namespace                 simple-app
dev-cluster-a    Service      simple-app   simple-app
prod-cluster-a   ConfigMap    simple-app   simple-app-env
prod-cluster-a   Deployment   simple-app   simple-app
prod-cluster-a   Deployment   simple-app   simple-app-db
prod-cluster-a   Namespace                 simple-app
prod-cluster-a   Service      simple-app   simple-app
prod-cluster-b   ConfigMap    simple-app   simple-app-env
prod-cluster-b   Deployment   simple-app   simple-app
prod-cluster-b   Deployment   simple-app   simple-app-db
prod-cluster-b   Namespace                 simple-app
prod-cluster-b   Service      simple-app   simple-app
test-cluster-a   ConfigMap    simple-app   simple-app-env
test-cluster-a   Deployment   simple-app   simple-app
test-cluster-a   Namespace                 simple-app
test-cluster-a   Service      simple-app   simple-app
test-cluster-b   ConfigMap    simple-app   simple-app-env
test-cluster-b   Deployment   simple-app   simple-app
test-cluster-b   Namespace                 simple-app
test-cluster-b   Service      simple-app   simple-app
